Create responsive card grid for docs homepage (#35)
mckinsey/vizro: vizro-core/docs/index.md

# Vizro

Vizro is a toolkit for creating modular data visualisation applications

> #### Quickstart

Reviewer: Would rename this to `Tutorials` and then link to the overall tutorials page. Since this one is a special one (we likely want people to get to a specific tutorial), and will not contain too many sub-pages, we can think about linking the two tutorials also as a card.

Reviewer: Or alternatively, for this section alone, we can actually link both tutorials. Yes I think that would be better. We should still have an explanation of the tutorial section

Author: Would keep the cards only for the main sections as pandas has it as well: https://panel.holoviz.org/getting_started/index.html

Also 4 cards make a nice grid 😄

<div class="card-section-wrapper" style="display: block;">
<div class="responsive-grid">
<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/tutorials/first_dashboard/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Get started</h5>
      <p>
        Install Vizro and get started with your first dashboard.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/tutorials/explore_components/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">

>       <h5>Tutorial</h5>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <h5>Explore Vizro</h5>
```

      <p>
        Follow our step-by-step tutorial to learn about all the available features.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

</div>
</div>
<br>

> #### User Guide

Reviewer: Would scrap all the indivudual user guides, and rather explain what user guides are, and link with a card to the main section.

Author: Hmm.. I actually kind of like that everything is on one page, it gives you a quick overview of what the package enables without having to click through anything.

 @Joseph-Perkins - do we want cards for each individual section or just the main ones? If we go for the main ones, we would have 5 cards in total for the homepage. It would also be okay for me, but before I remove all of the cards, let's align on this first?

Reviewer: I find it overwhelming and not focussed. I think the landing page should provide an orientation of where I can find an answer, rather than providing a link to every single section (which will be also a nightmare to maintain 🙈 )

Author: Yeah, I definitely get your point. Saw a few examples of this as well - either way, if the two of you prefer that, I am happy to change it. But would like to align on this first before I change it everywhere 😄

Author: Talked with @Anna-Xiong and she also preferred having less cards visually. So majority wins 😄 I like the outcome though. 

Would leave it at 4 cards though:
![Screenshot 2023-09-13 at 14 56 21](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/assets/90609403/73036042-4c73-45c6-b348-024d08811473)

        Shows you how to connect your charts to data.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/user_guides/actions/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Actions</h5>
      <p>
        Shows you how to configure actions e.g. exporting data and chart interactions.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/user_guides/assets/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Assets</h5>
      <p>
        Shows you how to add static assets such as images and custom CSS/JS.
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/user_guides/integration/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Integrations</h5>
      <p>
        Shows you how to integrate Vizro with other tools e.g. Kedro.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/user_guides/run/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Run Methods</h5>
      <p>
        Shows you how to launch your dashboard in different ways e.g. via localhost, gunicorn, etc.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>
</div>
</div>
<br>

> #### API reference

Reviewer: Similar here, just one button to the overview

<div class="card-section-wrapper" style="display: block;">
<div class="responsive-grid">
<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/API_reference/vizro/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Vizro</h5>
      <p>
        API reference for the main class of the Vizro package.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/API_reference/models/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Models</h5>
      <p>
        API reference for all pydantic models created by Vizro.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/API_reference/manager/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Data Manager</h5>
      <p>
        API reference for the data manager handling all data frames.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/API_reference/actions/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Actions</h5>
      <p>
        API reference for all publicly available action functions.
      </p>
    </div>
  </div>
</a>

</div>
</div>
<br>

> #### Contribute

Reviewer: Same here

# Vizro

Vizro is a toolkit for creating modular data visualisation applications

<div class="card-section-wrapper" style="display: block;">
<div class="responsive-grid">
<a class="card-wrapper" href="/vizro/pages/tutorials/first_dashboard/">
  <div class="card">
    <div class="card-content">
      <h5>Get Started</h5>
      <p>

>         New to Vizro? Take a look at our quickstart guide and our tutorial explaining core features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        New to Vizro? Take a look at our tutorials to get started and to explore our core features.
```
